Oh?
Oh.
Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Oh. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. up to turn out here. Good. But, good around, nice. I didn't know that much earlier in a bit sweet. Yeah, it's doing a great night. It's probably one of my bed. Oh my gosh. Oh, yeah. I was too sure you would do about it. They like, you're like to get a cheeky. Well, no, yeah. I'm't know. I don't see if you're better. The L.S. It's not the gas on that. Take extra oxygen, so you're about as tough as you can be.
You go the rifle, you got like five minutes of oxygen.
I don't think you know how it's a good hand, it'd be good, starting to leave it. We can't stop anything else yet. Nothing yet. You want dash rather than further resistance? Probably. Well that's 5% period after any out of oxygen. Yeah. I'm not sure. Yeah, well, it's select... Wait it. You need to do it. Go down, look at the top. That? Which one? No, that one. No one. That one. That. Whatever. We're selected, isn't it? No, livery. No. No. What is this? No. Dash read, and 12. Yes, read, and 12. Do we take message since? No. No. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Is that an extra... Oh, oops. Can't read? Yeah. I guess if you got to the thing before, I've been, you know.
I got that I've been by. It's worth buying, I guess. Go out on the halfway done? Well, that one, off, isn't that?
That'll give us a real biggest guy.
Do that.
Wow, look at it.
I know.
It looks at it.
Is that many? Get out of here?
Yeah.
Go in it.
Ooh, it looks choppy. You should be able to kick ass though. Because now you shoot and it's like, what? 32 damage, so that should be... All the sharks should be under through. They can kill them. Or at least the sharks we can do like this.
Do I have any missions at all?
None.
Right now, I wait up yet.
Get through the delivery ship door.
See that ship you're out?
Yeah.
You go down there now and cut through the door since you gave you a gas cutter or something. What are you practice? How are you practice? I mean. Wait, fox. Looks. And... I think... Very, hey. Where you just box?
Bucks?
Oh!
I didn't know.
Freaking me out, mate.
Flamed you could have that.
It's level up.
Okay.
There's not on there.
I was going to get him really good.
Okay, we get you got.
Okay, we get you. Okay. Move up. We're shot it halfway back your head. Yeah. I'm not quite accurately. I don't know. I'm going to accurately. It would be nice to do you just the the moment now, is that the fucker.
Yeah.
Just half of it will get at two or three. Oh, I can get somewhere. Oh, I can get somewhere. Amen to go ahead.
Amen.
Amen. Oh, man, the way there. No. No. No of the room now. I look up and over and... It's an exception, because clearly the thing is here. Okay. Give by the next. What's my friend? You fight bullets to shoot gun. You're fighting. That's just better for a long time practice with you fucking hard for you. More powerful than you pit, the machine goes away.
That's just better for a long round, you know, but...
It's scary threats, because you can go to the resistance.
Right now you get it back. This is right. This is the right. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm......withal......their...
...and... We're gonna... Hmm. Hmm. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Please dream for me to be there and get you should be ready to get you. Can you use the other one? Can I disofer again? Yeah. That's the books again.
Over here, you're gonna hit.
Ha!
Yeah.
Much better. I'm going to be. I don't know. I'm again, I haven't found it.
It's okay, pretty skinny.
Yeah.
That's how many days before 20 and 25 I think Huh
Huh
You think you got hate to most
Alright
I'm trying to see
Why?
Go ahead That's right to see. No! Go again. That's it. Oh, I'm going to hear. Right. Is he just left? Greg is the ride? We're going to be. We're going to be. Right to drive And get with you
Go to the left
It drag
A ride
I'm going to go with you
With you
Got it hot
Yeah, yes, yes.
Level two sniper.
It shoots just a little bit harder than I can see. It's probably doing like 96 points damage. I'm trying to do. We don't know.
That's the band here.
Wait. No. No. No. No. No? No. No. What's the end here? What is it? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Is it? Yes. Okay. Do you have the thing? Yeah. A group. What is it?
Were I holding it, or? Then actually... Yeah, he's gonna try that thing. Hold it. Okay. It's fast. That is a great day. The other.
That's just a good side game.
Like, um...
The old dogs of the game, you get a move to the other,
so you're not to decide.
You know?
No. What's that? What are you there? I'm gonna go, go. Hang me there. You there? Yeah. Shit. Go- go. I can't. Any thought? Oh my son. Don't let him. Don't let alone, please. Believe we ever know, but believe it ever enough. Yes, sharp one too. I don't think of my there. Yes. Sharp one too.
Pink livery box. No. Oh, the monster. Oh, the monster. Okay, the bastard. There's pink delivery box. Look at the cat, though. That's their car for it. Seek, sleep up. Sleep, sleep up. No, fine now don't know. Oh, no. Oh yeah. Oh yeah? Oh yeah. We want to have to do? Try it. And the gun. Yeah. Yeah. The oxygen. Yeah. The oxygen. You said it whacked your head. You said it whacked your head. So what that does, What's good? What's good? Do you think it's amazing? No, radiators, it's true. I don't really know. You can't get one chance and it'll blow you're like that if you can't get any more. shot just to miss like your hand-in it with a person can't. You can't. I'd be like to say hit it, hit a streetbag, hit out the streetbag, hit a street back, then here it should get through. Bang, see? There you are, you get through. Okay. Does you say I was supposed to shoot with the Tizer? Yeah. Yeah, that's sort of work. Do you that? no So now instead of it During the... You did that Like you hit when the tyres are open Like open, not covered And then they're free back So now you get close again You can do this, of course And You went close You'll try and protect the thigh, you whack it, or shoot it, whatever you can. Good choice. Where's the eyes are open, like throwing. Now, yeah, it's true. Now it's gonna blow you back? Or maybe not. I figured I'm gonna do that once more and then you'd be done. Owl. I don't even know what's going on, but... One of the secret people's from the cave just died in front of us. They took them once to the dance. Oh, you're going to be hard. In the open they die the other Yeah, you get the box So we didn't even kill it It was there in secret I thought you really Yeah Were we rescued them as well I think they were the creptych Oh okay He kicked the task And then no The old one The guy that his ass kicked it up and I you walk the ass kick
motherfucker that's my take I'm not anywhere
I need to move her afraid
I'm a bit sore
No sleep chance
Oh
How
How? How? I'm ready.
Mmm.
Okay, I'm gonna... Okay, I'm gonna......press the space on this. I'm glad.
Oh no.
You.
Oh.
Third.
All right.
Don't.
Don't show.
I can't. No. No. No. No. Oh.
Oh.
A lot.
All right.
So, that's all right.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh. Oh, okay. Oh. Okay. Oh, dear.
Hmm.
Hmm. Hmm. Oh, do you know? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh? Oh. Oh, no. How do you have a little? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.? I'm just getting a mail. I'm just getting a meal. Instead of going to work, I'm getting a squid day for me. Oh, I'm trying to eat that. Can, they're edible. You sugar them. Or you just eat them in some salads. It might be a salad.. Oh. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Tell phone. Oh see. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So far. Tell phone. Tell phone. Tell phone. First here. First you know. Oh, yeah. No one away. Nobody. Oh my gosh here. Oh my God. Oh my God. What's here? What you do? Yeah. What you do? Hmm. So that's here. Mm. No idea. Oh my God. Oh my now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, hmm. Hmm. Oh my know? Oh my. Oh my. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh's got. Mm. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I don't know. Oh. Okay. Oh. Oh. I. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh-huh. Uh. I don't know. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hmm. Oh. Oh. Oh. So. P. Oh. You see. You get. Oh. Okay. Oh. Echie. Oh. Ejie. Echie. One. A lot. Go ahead. Goethe. Ditchie. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. We're on. We're on. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We're going to be. Goetheedeevi. Tjini! Tidjii! IT the top with zeroed from a hundred to just, woo-woo, and mistakes were made. And then like if he came through and then all of a sudden it just stopped. And it just like, hop on. And then ran off. Did she? Oh yes. Had to battle the, um... Craig? No. Um, it help the people that came to be the, um, um, the, um, the, um, he was like, I blew Watson or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Try once and get you out. Oh, there's everything. Go to go.
I don't know. I'm sick on that I'm sorry. Oh you doing? Yeah. Do you go headlights now?
Oh nice.
So it can go deeper.
Ah, was these reset, not they're our limit?
No.
Can you believe it be nice?
I get the sheep.
There's no change.
Like that. Okay. I'm gonna refueling one by then. I'm gonna refueling one by then. Hi. Hello. You don't need the reaction. You would be? It's too right to temperature. I'm not going to see it as well, trying to not play about it today.
I don't think it.
Ah!
No, did he finish that you sat on the door?
Right.
Okay, yes.
Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I am. I am.
I am.
...
... I don't know. I don't know. I'm sorry.
I don't know.
...you know.
...
... I don't know. And so. And so. And so. So,
you know,
...
....................................... I don't know. Alright, turn. What you see?
What you see? This is boxed off the boxed half of him.
The heavy box. And it's boxed half a fish.
The heavy box.
I don't know.
And...
...you know.
...their...
...and... I had a boxing. Yeah. Ah, there's boxing. I thought I meant like changing, but they's right. Yeah, but you can look at the end up too.
I got those characters, okay. He's changed, he's changing, he's changing. He's changing. This kind of routine was going to be annoying. My question is, sometimes it, sometimes it the breath. Yeah, that was changing.
But that one's...
I'm down the depths.
Oh, that signal is 28 means as well.
Oh, that's that stuff to the left.